Restructuring ROS 2 Gem docs (#2266)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/ros2/vehicle-dynamics.md

---

> linkTitle: Guide
> title: O3DE ROS 2 Vehicle Dynamics
> description: Understanding basic concepts and structure of O3DE ROS 2 Gem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Vehicle Dynamics
title: ROS 2 Vehicle Dynamics
description: Understanding basic concepts and structure of the ROS 2 Gem in Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
```
